Minor documentation updates (#71)
adobe/aem-test-samples: ui-selenium-webdriver/README.md

   mvn verify -Pui-tests-docker-execution -DAEM_AUTHOR_URL=https://author.my-deployment.com
   ```

## Integrate into your Cloud Manager repository

> Follow these steps to use the Cypress tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to use the Java Selenium tests:
```

or did i miss something?

Author: no, you are right. copy & paste error
